Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO
SPEED WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
MC: WELL, DUEL FANS,
YUSEI FUDO OF THE TEAM 5D'S
HAS PUT UP AN IMPRESSIVE STAND
AGAINST THE CRAFTY
COMBATANTS OF TEAM UNICORN.
BREO'S PLAN IS
TO CHIP AWAY MY DECK...
SO TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
JUNK DESTROYER!
HE DOESN'T LOOK FRIENDLY.
Yusei: GO FISTS
OF FEROCITY!
[PAINED CRY]
OK...TWO DOWN
AND ONE TO GO!
SORRY, JEAN, I JUST
COULDN'T FINISH IT...
DON'T SWEAT IT, BREO;
HE JUST GOT LUCKY.
Jean: THAT'S WHAT
HAPPENS WHEN A DUELIST
RUNS OUT OF ALL HIS OPTIONS.
HE STARTS
PANICKING AND MAKING
DESPERATE LAST-DITCH
MOVES TO TRY AND WIN...
BUT IT'S NOT GOING TO WORK.
I WILL SEE TO THAT.
FIRST...I SUMMON RHINOTAURUS!
NEXT I'LL HAVE LIGHTNING
TRICORN ATTACK JUNK DESTROYER!
[PAINED CRY]
NOW RHINOTAURUS WILL
ATTACK SONIC CHICK!
SINCE TWO OF YOUR MONSTERS
WERE DESTROYED THIS TURN,
RHINOTAURUS CAN
ATTACK A SECOND TIME!
GOOD-BYE, YUSEI;
TAKE HIM OUT, RHINOTAURUS!
♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN
ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS
ITSELF INTO OUR LIVES ♪♪
♪
GOOD-BYE, YUSEI;
TAKE HIM OUT, RHINOTAURUS!
♪
[THINKING] I GUESS
THIS IS IT--
THERE'S NOTHING
LEFT TO DO...
BUT PLAY MY TRAP CARD
HARMONY CRYSTAL!
NOW, BY REMOVING A MONSTER AND
A SYNCHRO IN MY GRAVE FROM PLAY,
I'M ALLOWED TO BRING BACK
A SYNCHRO FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SO...
SO, JUNK DESTROYER
AND MAX WARRIOR,
MAKE WAY FOR THE RETURN
OF STARDUST DRAGON!
[ROAR]
Jean: RHINOTAURUS,
STOP YOUR ATTACK.
WISE MOVE...
AND NOW FOR ANOTHER
MOVE OF MY OWN--
I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF HARMONY CRYSTAL
SO NOW YOU TAKE
DAMAGE EQUAL TO
HALF OF STARDUST'S
ATTACK POINTS!
[PAINED CRY]
JEAN'S BEEN JOSTLED!
MC: AND THIS CROWD IS
GOING CRAZY OVER IT!
CAN YUSEI KEEP IT UP
AND COME THROUGH
WITH A COMEBACK
FOR ALL THE AGES?
IT'S POSSIBLE--AFTER ALL,
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
THESE TWO DUELISTS' LIFE POINTS
IS NOW AN INFINITESIMAL FIFTY!
STAY TUNED!
YEAH, YUSEI!
EASY...IT'S NOT OVER...
NO, BUT AT LEAST WE'RE
BACK IN THIS DUEL!
YEAH!
HOPE IT LASTS...
THIS IS SIMPLY UNHEARD OF!
YUSEI'S CAUGHT UP
TO JEAN WITH
PRACTICALLY NO CARDS
IN HIS DECK!
DON'T SWEAT IT, BREO...
JEAN SURE
DOESN'T SEEM TO BE.
♪
HMM...
NICE MOVE,
YUSEI, HOWEVER...
YOU'VE HAD
HARMONY CRYSTAL FACEDOWN
SINCE THE VERY
FIRST TURN...
AND THAT MEANS
JUST ONE THING:
THAT IT WAS THE CARD
YOU WERE SAVING
TO FINISH ME OFF WITH...
AM I RIGHT?
[GROANS]
[THINKING] HE IS RIGHT...
DON'T GO AND FEEL
TOO BADLY ABOUT IT, YUSEI.
IT WASN'T
A COMPLETE WASTE...
YOU DID MANAGE TO
SHRINK MY LEAD DOWN
BY A SIGNIFICANT AMOUNT
BUT I'M AFRAID...
NOT QUITE ENOUGH TO WIN...
BECAUSE WHILE
YOU'VE NEARLY USED
ALL YOUR GAME CHANGER
CARDS AND STRATEGIES...
I HAVE LOADS, SO MANY, IN FACT,
THE ONLY QUESTION IS...
WHICH SHOULD I USE
TO END YOU WITH!
FORTUNATELY, I PROBABLY WON'T
HAVE TO ANSWER THAT QUESTION
BECAUSE THE MOMENT THAT
YOU'RE OUT OF CARDS COMPLETELY--
POW; YOU LOSE!
I'LL NOW PLACE ONE
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
YEAH, MY CARDS ARE LOW,
BUT I'LL HAVE YOUR
LIFE POINTS AT ZERO...
BEFORE MY DECK
HITS THAT MARK!
IT'S MY DRAW!
STARDUST DRAGON,
ATTACK RHINOTAURUS!
GO COSMIC FLARE!
[ROAR]
MC: UNBELIEVABLE!
WITH THAT LAST ATTACK, YUSEI
HAS JUST LATCHED ONTO THE LEAD!
AT LEAST IN TERMS
OF LIFE POINTS!
ALL RIGHT, THIS IS HUGE--
JEAN'S LIFE POINTS
ARE NOW AT 800,
AND YOU GUYS KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS...!
Luna: YEAH--THAT SPEED
WORLD 2'S NOW A FACTOR!
ALL YUSEI HAS TO DO IS USE
FOUR OF HIS SPEED
COUNTERS AND HE'LL WIN!
I PLAY MY FACEDOWN, THE
TRAP THOUSAND CRISSCROSS!
THIS LETS ME RAISE
MY LIFE POINTS
UP TO 1,000
THREE SEPARATE TIMES!
♪
OH, MY--JEAN MUST HAVE SENSED
SPEED WORLD'S EFFECT COMING...
SO IN A SENSATIONAL
DISPLAY OF SELF-PRESERVATION
HE'S LIFTED HIS
LIFE POINTS TO A LEVEL
WHERE HE CAN
WITHSTAND ITS WRATH!
[THINKING]
IN THAT CASE,
COSMIC BLAST
SHOULD COME IN HANDY.
ONCE ACTIVATED,
IF A DRAGON-TYPE
SYNCHRO LEAVES THE FIELD,
JEAN WILL TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THAT SYNCHRO'S ATTACK POINTS.
SO SINCE JEAN WILL MOST
LIKELY DESTROY STARDUST
WITH LIGHTNING
TRICORN NEXT TURN,
THAT'S WHEN I'LL MAKE MY MOVE.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
HMM; MY DRAW!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
SUPERFICIAL PEACE!
YOU WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT...
SO THAT MEANS NEITHER OF US
CAN ACTIVATE A SPELL
OR A TRAP CARD,
AND NONE OF OUR MONSTERS
CAN BE DESTROYED IN BATTLE.
NOW, LIGHTNING TRICORN,
ATTACK STARDUST DRAGON!
LEAPING ELECTRIC LUNGE!
[PAINED CRY]
♪
BUT I'M NOT DONE,
THERE'S MORE
BENEATH THE SURFACE
OF SUPERFICIAL PEACE.
NOW BECAUSE
YOU'VE TAKEN DAMAGE,
ONE OF YOUR SPELL OR
TRAP CARDS GETS DESTROYED
AND I GET TO DRAW ONE CARD!
COSMIC BLAST, EH?
THAT'S QUITE A POWERFUL CARD,
A CARD LIKE THAT
COULD'VE WON YOU THE DUEL,
COULD'VE MADE YOU A HERO.
BUT UNFORTUNATELY FOR
YOU, A CARD LIKE THAT
IS JUST WHAT I EXPECTED.
YOU ARE FAR TOO PREDICTABLE.
[GROANS]
I'LL PLACE TWO
FACEDOWNS AND END MY TURN.
WHOA, THAT WAS
A CLOSE ONE...
IF JEAN HAD SPRUNG
YUSEI'S TRAP,
THIS MATCH
WOULD BE OVER!
BUT THAT'S THE
THING ABOUT JEAN.
HE DOESN'T SPRING
TRAPS, HE SETS THEM.
HMM, AND THE BEST PART
IS YUSEI'S ABOUT TO STEP
IN THE BIGGEST TRAP OF ALL!
♪
[THINKING] HOW DO
I BEAT A DUELIST
WHO SEEMS TO KNOW
ALL MY STRATEGIES
AND HAS ALL THE CARDS
TO COUNTER THEM...
AND HOW DO I DO IT...
WITH MY OWN DECK DOWN
TO A MERE TWO CARDS?
THAT IS, IF IT CAN
EVEN BE DONE AT ALL...
[SIGHS]
YUSEI...
COME ON, BUD,
YA GOTTA DIG DEEP!
THAT'S WHAT
HE'S BEEN DOING,
BUT AT A
CERTAIN POINT,
YOU CAN'T HELP
BUT HIT ROCK BOTTOM.
WHAT ARE YOU SAYING, AKIZA?
THAT THIS IS OVER?
Jack: OVER;
THIS ISN'T OVER!
Carly: WHOA, JACK...
Stephanie: TAKE IT EASY...
All: JACK?
Crow: HEY LISTEN, MAN,
YOU SHOULD BE RESTING...
NO WAY!
'CAUSE IF I CAN
TOUGH IT OUT AND BE HERE
I KNOW
YUSEI'LL SENSE IT!
[GROANS]
♪
DON'T YOU SEE?
TOUGHING IT OUT IS ALL
THAT MATTERS RIGHT NOW.
WIN OR LOSE,
THE KEY IS THAT
YUSEI DUELS RIGHT DOWN TO
THE LAST CARD IN HIS DECK
WITH ALL HIS HEART!
JACK'S RIGHT!
YUSEI, KEEP DUELING!
YEAH, WITH ALL YOUR HEART!
Both: GO FOR IT!
JUST GIVE IT
ALL YA GOT!
[THINKING] THEY'RE RIGHT...
I CAN'T GIVE UP HOPE.
WIN OR LOSE, I NEED TO AT
LEAST BATTLE 'TIL THE END!
BECAUSE IT'S OUR BATTLE...
WE'VE BEEN TRAINING FOR
THE GRAND PRIX FOR SO LONG NOW.
AND WE'VE BEEN
TRAINING TOGETHER.
I WON'T LET MY FRIENDS DOWN.
I WON'T STOP FIGHTING!
MY DRAW!
AND WHAT A DRAW!
I SUMMON SYNCHRON EXPLORER!
AND SINCE HE'S OUT ON THE FIELD,
I CAN ADD ANOTHER
SYNCHRON FROM MY GRAVEYARD
TO THE FIELD AS WELL!
YES, IT'S TRUE,
I CAN'T USE
ANY OF THIS SECOND
SYNCHRON'S EFFECTS...
BUT I CAN USE
SOMETHING ELSE ABOUT HIM...
JUNK SYNCHRON, APPEAR...!
AND NOW TUNE WITH LEVEL 2
SYNCHRON EXPLORER!
♪
[GRUNT]
FROM TWO COME ONE, AND FROM
ONE WILL COME GREAT POWER!
BEHOLD AS THEY
MERGE THEIR MIGHT,
COMBINE THEIR COURAGE...
NOW BEHOLD...
AS I SYNCHRO
SUMMON JUNK WARRIOR!
♪
NOW YUSEI HAS TWO SYNCHROS?
Yusei, thinking: SOME TIME
AGO, I DISCOVERED THERE WAS
MORE TO SYNCHROS
THAN WHAT I KNEW.
I DISCOVERED
THE ACCEL SYNCHRO--
BUT ITS POWER WAS
A MYSTERY TO ME...
I NEVER FULLY GRASPED THIS...
SYNCHRO SOLUTION.
WHAT'S THAT;
AND HOW WERE YOU
ABLE TO SUMMON IT RIGHT
IN THE MIDDLE OF MY TURN?
[THINKING] I MAY STILL
NOT HAVE ALL THE ANSWERS...
BUT I THINK I HAVE A FEW,
AND WHAT BETTER TIME TO
TEST THEM THAN RIGHT NOW!
I ACTIVATE THE SPEED
SPELL SPEED FUSION!
JUST WHAT ARE YOU
SCHEMING HERE?
YOU'RE ABOUT TO SEE, JEAN.
BECAUSE BY SENDING
CARDS THAT CAN MAKE UP
A FUSION MONSTER FROM
MY FIELD TO THE GRAVE,
I CAN SUMMON THAT MONSTER!
SO STARDUST DRAGON
AND JUNK WARRIOR--
STAND DOWN SO THAT AN EVEN
MIGHTIER BEAST CAN RISE UP!
A BEAST FORGED BY WAY
OF A FUSION SUMMON!
APPEAR, DRAGON
KNIGHT DRACO-EQUISTE!
Duel runner computer:
DRAGON KNIGHT DRACO-EQUISTE
IS A LEVEL 10
FUSION-TYPE MONSTER
WITH 3200 ATTACK POINTS
AND 2000 DEFENSE POINTS.
A FUSION SUMMON?
CHECK OUT THAT BEAST!
IT'S REMARKABLE!
MC: TALK ABOUT A TRUMP CARD!
THAT THING'S TERRIFYING!
AND FROM THE LOOK OF IT,
PREPARED TO POUNCE!
UH-OH!
DRACO-EQUISTE!
UNLEASH YOUR WRATH
ON LIGHTNING TRICORN!
GO JOUSTING JAVELIN BLAST!
[GRUNT]
I PLAY THE TRAP...
RETURN DAMAGE!
THIS CARD TAKES ANY
BATTLE DAMAGE HEADED MY WAY
AND REVERSES IT.
SO NOW IT'S
HEADED YOUR WAY!
THEN I ACTIVATE MY
DRAGON KNIGHT'S ABILITY!
AND IT'S AN ABILITY
THAT NEGATES ANY DAMAGE
DIRECTED TOWARDS ME
FROM A CARD EFFECT.
THEN THAT DAMAGE
IS REDIRECTED
BY MY DRAGON KNIGHT
RIGHT BACK TO YOU!
♪
MC: SENSATIONAL;
SPECTACULAR!
THE SUPERLATIVES SIMPLY DON'T
SUFFICE IN THIS SITUATION,
BUT BELIEVE ME,
IT'S A SIGHT TO SEE!
Leo: WAY TO GO, YUSEI!
WHAT A MOVE,
WHAT A MONSTER,
WHAT A WAY
TO FINISH!
NOTHING IS FINISHED YET...
BUT IT COULD BE SOON...FOR US.
YUSEI'S DOWN TO HIS LAST CARD!
♪
A FUSION SUMMON...
WELL, I MOST CERTAINLY
DIDN'T ANTICIPATE THIS...
YUSEI'S SURPRISED
ME ON THIS ONE...
HE'S SURPRISED US ALL--
ACCORDING TO OUR DATA
HE'S NEVER SUMMONED
SUCH A BEAST BEFORE.
AT LEAST THE THOUSAND
CRISSCROSS JEAN PLAYED EARLIER
WILL UP HIS LIFE
POINTS TO 1000.
[THINKING] BEFORE, I WAS
COUNTING ON YUSEI TO LOSE
BY RUNNING OUT OF CARDS,
BUT NOW I'LL NEED TO TAKE
SOME EXTRA PRECAUTIONS...
I PLAY LIGHTNING
TRICORN'S ABILITY!
YOU SEE, SINCE
HE WAS DESTROYED...
I'M NOW ALLOWED
TO BRING BACK...
EITHER THUNDER UNICORN
OR VOLTIC BICORN
FROM MY EXTRA DECK!
AND...I CHOOSE BICORN!
♪
UH-OH, VOLTIC BICORN?
THIS COULD MAKE THINGS
A LITTLE TRICKY....
'CAUSE WHEN BICORN'S DESTROYED,
I LOSE SEVEN
CARDS FROM MY DECK!
♪
HA--I THINK I KNOW WHERE
JEAN'S GOING WITH THIS STRATEGY.
NOT GOOD...
YUSEI KNOWS BETTER
THAN TO DESTROY
THAT VOLTIC BICORN,
BUT IF JEAN WANTS HIM
DESTROYED, THEN...
THEN ALL HE HAS
TO DO IS HAVE BICORN
ATTACK YUSEI'S
DRAGON KNIGHT.
EXACTLY RIGHT, AKIZA,
AND THAT WOULD FINALLY
DEPLETE YUSEI'S DUEL DECK.
NO; THAT MEANS...
HE'D BE THROUGH!
TRUE...BUT DON'T GO
COUNTING ME OUT JUST YET...
I PLAY A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
THEN IT'S MY DRAW;
HERE GOES...!
♪
NOW, VOLTIC BICORN,
ATTACK DRACO-EQUISTE!
[NEIGH]
-YUSEI!
-LOOK OUT!
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW!
HUH?
AND NOT ONLY DOES IT SCRAP
THE ATTACK OF YOUR BICORN,
BUT AFTERWARDS, IT RETURNS TO
THE FIELD FOR ME TO USE AGAIN!
OH, MY; YUSEI
STAVES OFF AN ATTACK
AND NOW WILL BE ABLE
TO AVOID AN EARLY END
DUE TO LACK OF DUEL CARDS!
NICE...STILL...
THAT BUYS YOU A ROUND,
AND THAT WON'T
BE ENOUGH TO WIN!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
MC: IT ALL COMES DOWN TO
THIS NEXT MOVE FOR YUSEI!
WITH JUST ONE CARD, HE NEEDS
TO FIND A WAY TO WIN HERE
OR HE'LL HAVE NOTHING
TO DRAW NEXT TURN
AND BE DISQUALIFIED
FROM THE DUEL!
COME ON...
BELIEVE...
♪
ALL THE HOPES AND
DREAMS OF TEAM 5D'S
COMES DOWN TO THIS CARD...
LET'S HOPE IT'S A GOOD ONE.
♪
MY TURN!
I ACTIVATE THE EFFECT
OF SPEED WORLD 2!
NOW, SINCE I HAVE FOUR
OR MORE SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN REMOVE
FOUR SPEED COUNTERS
TO DEAL 800 POINTS OF
DAMAGE FOR EVERY SPEED SPELL
IN MY HAND!
♪
THOUSAND CRISSCROSS'S
EFFECT ACTIVATES
AND REVIVES MY
LIFE POINTS TO 1000!
THAT MAKES THREE!
NOW THOUSAND
CRISSCROSS'S EFFECT
CAN'T BE USED AGAIN!
AND WITHOUT THAT EFFECT
PROTECTING JEAN...
ONE MORE ATTACK
COULD END THIS!
NEXT I ACTIVATE
THE SPEED SPELL OVERSPEED!
NOW, SINCE I HAVE AT
LEAST FOUR SPEED COUNTERS,
BY REMOVING THEM ALL, I CAN ADD
ONE LEVEL 3-OR-BELOW MONSTER
AND ONE SPELL OR TRAP CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD TO MY HAND!
HOWEVER, MY SPEED COUNTERS NOW
WON'T INCREASE FOR THREE TURNS!
AS FOR THE CARDS
I'M ADDING TO MY HAND,
I'LL CHOOSE
REFLECT BARRIER...
AND RAPID WARRIOR--
WHO I'LL ALSO SUMMON!
NOW, RAPID WARRIOR,
ATTACK JEAN DIRECTLY!
-GO!
-IF THIS HITS,
IT'S ALL OVER
AND TEAM 5D'S WINS!
GO, WARRIOR;
WHIPLASH WALLOPING!
♪
HMM, I PLAY
A TRAP CARD...
BARRIER WAVE!
NOW, BY RELEASING ONE
SYNCHRO MONSTER ON MY FIELD,
I CAN SWITCH ALL OF YOUR
MONSTERS INTO DEFENSE MODE...
AND THEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THE DEFENSE POINTS
OF THE MONSTER THAT ATTACKED!
I WHAT?
VOLTIC BICORN,
YOU'RE RELEASED!
♪
NOW, SINCE DRACO-EQUISTE
IS IN DEFENSE MODE,
HE CAN'T NEGATE DAMAGE
FROM A CARD EFFECT...
WHICH MEANS THE DAMAGE
YOU'RE DUE FROM BARRIER WAVE
WILL NOW BE DEALT!
[PAINED CRY]
-OHH!
-YUSEI, NO!
MC: ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!
YET AGAIN, YUSEI'S ASSAULT
HAS BEEN STOPPED SHORT--
WHAT A DYNAMIC DISPLAY
OF COUNTER DUELING!
[SIGHS]
I REMOVE A/D CHANGER
IN MY GRAVE FROM PLAY!
NOW, DUE TO ITS
SPECIAL ABILITY...
I CAN SWITCH DRACO-EQUISTE
BACK INTO ATTACK MODE!
♪
I THEN THROW TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
AND IT WILL BE
YUSEI'S LAST TURN!
NOW IT'S JUST
A MATTER OF JEAN
SURVIVING THIS ROUND--
THEN YUSEI WILL
HAVE NO CARDS
AND BE FORCED
TO FORFEIT THE FIGHT!
MUST BE HARD TO HAVE
IT END THIS WAY...
JUST SITTING THERE
SO POWERLESS AND FEEBLE...
WELL, TOO BAD;
YOUR TIME HAS NOW COME!
HERE'S MY DRAW!
AND HERE'S MY FACEDOWN,
JEAN--SUMMON TAX!
UH-OH, A TRAP?
WITH THIS...
IF A PLAYER SUMMONS
A MONSTER THIS TURN,
THAT PLAYER TAKES
DAMAGE EQUAL TO HALF
THAT MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS!
[THINKING] HMM,
AND SINCE YUSEI ADDED
REFLECT BARRIER
TO HIS HAND LAST TURN,
I'LL BET THAT'S THE
FACEDOWN OUT ON HIS FIELD...
WHICH MEANS...
IF YUSEI CAN SOMEHOW
SUMMON A MONSTER THIS TURN,
THE DAMAGE FROM THE
EFFECT OF SUMMON TAX
WILL BE REDIRECTED TO ME
DUE TO BARRIER'S EFFECT!
HOWEVER, THE DAMAGE FROM
THE EFFECT OF SUMMON TAX
WOULD ONLY BE HALF
THE SUMMONED MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS.
SO IN ORDER TO GET RID
OF MY 1,000 LIFE POINTS,
YUSEI WOULD NEED
TO SUMMON A MONSTER
WITH AN ASSAULT POWER
OF AT LEAST 2,000 POINTS!
AND THE ODDS
OF THAT ARE SLIM.
THE ODDS OF ME CONTINUING
TO BACK HIM INTO A CORNER,
HOWEVER, ARE 100%!
I ACTIVATE THE SPEED
SPELL TYRANT FORCE!
NOW, DURING THIS
TURN, EVERY TIME
A CARD ON YOUR FIELD
IS DESTROYED,
YOU TAKE 300 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
NEXT I ACTIVATE THE
EFFECT OF SPEED WORLD 2!
NOW, BY REMOVING
TEN OF MY SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN DESTROY ONE
CARD ON THE FIELD!
AND THE CARD I'M
DESTROYING IS SUMMON TAX!
THAT'S JUST WHAT
I WAS HOPING!
WHAT?
I NOW ACTIVATE
DRAGON KNIGHT
DRACO-EQUISTE'S
ABILITY!
NOW BY REMOVING
A FUSION-MATERIAL
SYNCHRO MONSTER
FROM PLAY,
DRACO-EQUISTE GAINS
THAT MONSTER'S ABILITIES
UNTIL THE
TURN'S END PHASE!
AND THE MONSTER I CHOOSE
TO REMOVE IS STARDUST!
SO NOW DRAGON
KNIGHT DRACO-EQUISTE
HAS INHERITED THE
ABILITY TO STOP YOU
FROM USING
SPEED WORLD 2
TO DESTROY
SUMMON TAX
BUT FOR A PRICE.
WHAT'S THE PRICE?
TO SAVE SUMMON TAX...
DRACO-EQUISTE
MUST BE RELEASED...
♪
HOWEVER, COME THIS
TURN'S END PHASE,
DRACO-EQUISTE IS ALLOWED
TO RETURN TO THE FIELD!
SO HE'S NOT REALLY
GOING ANYWHERE AT ALL!
YEAH, YUSEI'S GOT IT
ALL PLANNED OUT!
IT SURE SEEMS THAT WAY--
ESPECIALLY IF THIS COMBO
THAT HE'S SET UP WORKS!
WE SHOULD KNOW SOON!
[GROWL] DON'T THINK
YOU'VE WON THIS YET, YUSEI!
I SUMMON TO THE FIELD,
THE MONSTER HYPNOCORN!
GO AHEAD...BUT NOW...
YOU TAKE DAMAGE DUE
TO SUMMON TAX'S EFFECT:
HALF YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
♪
NO PROB, 'CAUSE WHEN
HYPNOCORN IS SUMMONED,
I'M ALLOWED TO DESTROY
A FACEDOWN SPELL
OR TRAP CARD ON THE FIELD!
YOU ONLY HAVE ONE AND I
HAVE A HUNCH WHAT IT IS--
REFLECT BARRIER!
NO! NOW YUSEI'S PLAN
TO WIN WON'T WORK!
AND NOW, DUE TO
TYRANT FORCE,
YOU TAKE DAMAGE
TO THE TUNE OF...300!
[PAINED CRY]
NOW I PLAY
CHAIN WHIRLWIND!
SINCE A CARD WAS
DESTROYED DUE TO AN EFFECT,
TWO SPELL OR TRAP CARDS
ARE NOW ALSO DESTROYED!
SO SAY GOOD-BYE
TO SUMMON TAX
AND SCRAP-IRON
SCARECROW.
ALL OF YUSEI'S CARDS--
THEY'RE GONE!
AND JEAN'S NOT
EVEN DONE YET!
TYRANT FORCE, FORCE
YUSEI'S LIFE POINTS DOWN...
ONCE AGAIN!
[PAINED CRY]
♪
MC: THE POINTS ARE ALL EVEN--
BUT SINCE JEAN SIMPLY HAS TO SAY
HE'S ENTERING INTO HIS
TURN'S END PHASE TO WIN--
THAT MAY NOT MATTER!
SO THEN...
HE LOST?
NO...
♪
Jean, thinking: IT'S OVER--ALL
I NEED TO DO IS END MY TURN...
AND YUSEI WILL LOSE;
EXCEPT THAT...
MC: WHAT IN THE WORLD--?
JEAN, ON THE VERGE OF VICTORY,
SEEMS TO BE HAVING
SECOND THOUGHTS
ABOUT HIS TACTIC FOR TRIUMPH!
[THINKING] THIS WHOLE MATCH,
MY ONE GOAL HAS BEEN
TO PROVE THAT TEAM
UNICORN IS THE BEST...
AND...
TO BE THE BEST...
YOU'VE GOT TO BEAT THE BEST.
YUSEI WAS RIGHT--LETTING
HIM RUN OUT OF CARDS
IS NO WAY TO WIN.
Breo: WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHY WON'T JEAN
JUST END HIS TURN--
WE'LL WIN BY
DISQUALIFICATION.
YEAH, AND WHO WANTS THAT?
ARE YOU NUTS?
ANDRE, THAT WAS OUR
PLAN FROM THE VERY START!
I KNOW BUT SOMETIMES
PLANS CHANGE.
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE JOIN FORCES?
JOIN FORCES?
YES...DUEL TOGETHER
ON THE SAME TEAM...
BECAUSE ON A TEAM
YOU WIN AT ANY COST.
THERE'S NO PLACE FOR PITY
BECAUSE YOUR TEAMMATES
ARE COUNTING ON YOU.
YOU KNOW...
YOU'RE RIGHT...
SURE...I KNOW WHAT
IT LOOKS LIKE...
THAT JEAN'S LETTING
YUSEI OFF THE HOOK HERE--
EVEN PITYING HIM--
BUT I DON'T THINK
THAT'S THE CASE AT ALL.
SO...WHAT THEN?
IT'S LIKE JEAN
ONCE SAID TO ME...
ON A TEAM YOU
WIN AT ANY COST,
AND I THINK
I FINALLY UNDERSTAND
WHAT HE MEANT BY THAT.
I THINK EVEN
JEAN UNDERSTANDS IT
BETTER NOW HIMSELF.
WINNING ISN'T
BEATING AN OPPONENT
BY SOME TECHNICALITY...
IT'S TAKING HIM DOWN
LIKE A TRUE DUELIST.
AND THAT'S WHY
JEAN'S DECIDED
NOT TO END HIS TURN NOW.
SURE, HE WANTS TO WIN.
BUT TRULY WIN; FOR US.
IN THAT CASE, ANDRE...
HUH?
JEAN!
WE'RE WITH YOU ALL THE WAY.
WIN OR LOSE LET'S DO IT
LIKE TRUE DUELISTS!
ALL RIGHT, YUSEI!
IF I'M GONNA BEAT YOU,
I'M GONNA DO IT WITH FORCE!
YEAH; THEN GO FOR IT!
MC: I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
THIS CARD COMBAT
IS CONTINUING!
GO, YUSEI!
Cheerleaders: GO, JEAN!
GO; HYPNOCORN, TO BATTLE!
ATTACK RAPID WARRIOR!
Both: YEAH!
All: YUSEI!
PERFECT...THE ONE
CARD THAT CAN HELP...
THE ONE CARD LEFT IN MY HAND...
STRONGHOLD GUARDIAN!
AND NOW I ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY!
♪
OH, NO;
BUT THAT WOULD MEAN...
IT MEANS BY SENDING
GUARDIAN TO THE GRAVE,
RAPID WARRIOR'S DEFENSE
POINTS INCREASE BY 1500!
♪
[PAINED CRY]
MC: WHAT A FINISH!
WITH HIS VERY LAST CARD,
YUSEI AND TEAM 5D'S WIN!